# Body2

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**GrantType** | **string** | Must hold password value for Resource Owner Credentials flow. If client application is not authorized by the specified grant_type, response does not contain refresh_token and refresh_token_ttl attributes | [optional] [default to null]
**AccessTokenTtl** | **int32** | Optional. Access token lifetime in seconds; the possible values are from 600 sec (10 min) to 3600 sec (1 hour). The default value is 3600 sec. If the value specified exceeds the default one, the default value is set. If the value specified is less than 600 seconds, the minimum value (600 sec) is set | [optional] [default to null]
**RefreshTokenTtl** | **int32** | Optional. Refresh token lifetime in seconds. The default value depends on the client application, but as usual it equals to 7 days. If the value specified exceeds the default one, the default value is applied. If client specifies refresh_token_ttl&lt;&#x3D;0, refresh token is not returned even if the corresponding grant type is supported | [optional] [default to null]
**Username** | **string** | Phone number linked to account or extension in account in E.164 format with or without leading \&quot;+\&quot; sign | [optional] [default to null]
**Extension** | **string** | Optional. Extension short number. If company number is specified as a username, and extension is not specified, the server will attempt to authenticate client as main company administrator | [optional] [default to null]
**Password** | **string** | User&#39;s password | [optional] [default to null]
**Scope** | **string** | Optional. List of API permissions to be used with access token (see Application Permissions). Can be omitted when requesting all permissions defined during the application registration phase | [optional] [default to null]
**EndpointId** | **string** | Optional. Unique identifier of a client application. You can pass it in request according to pattern [a-zA-Z0-9_\\-]{1,64}. Otherwise it is auto-generated by server. The value will be returned in response in both cases | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


